How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Since I knew that the HTML was working before the changes were made, I knew
    that the parts that changed had to be the problem.  This allowed me to only
    think about things that were different, rather than trying to think about
    the entire file.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a better
programmer in the long term?

    By allowing me to compare broken versions of code to working versions,
    having the history of my project could enable me to find bugs more quickly.
    I might also be less afraid of breaking my code and more willing to try
    rewriting it if I know that I can always go back to a working version.
    Finally, if I forget why I wrote some line of code, I might understand
    better by finding the commit where it was introduced and getting the context
    for that change.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?
    
    Having versions saved automatically is less effort on my part.  There is a
    lower barrier to entry.  However, if versions of my code were saved
    automatically, there is no guarantee a working version would ever be saved.
    If I wanted to compare a broken version of my code to a previous working
    version, I might not actually have a working version.  Finally, when I save
    versions myself, I can create a meaningful name for each version, which
    makes the versions a lot easier to navigate.  With autosaved versions, it
    can be difficult to understand what changes are introduced in each version.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    When files are interdependent, as they often are in code, changing multiple
    files in each commit makes sense.  A single logical change may touch more
    than one file, and it would be nice to group the entire change into one
    commit.

    When files are independent, tracking them together introduces unnecessary
    overhead when looking back through the history.  If I changed two unrelated
    files, then committed the changes together, it would be harder to revert to
    a previous version of one file without reverting to a previous version of
    another, which I probably wouldn't want to do.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
    
    git log shows all the commits, or versions, of my files that I have ever
    saved (or that the person who created the history ever saved).  I can use
    that to see the message for each commit, and get a quick idea of the sorts
    of changes that have been made.

    To dig deeper into any commit, I can use git diff to compare that commit to
    the previous commit and see exactly what changes were introduced.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?
    
    If I have previous versions saved, it will be easy to restore a previous,
    working version of the code if I mess something up.  Not only that, it will
    be easier to figure out why the code broke since I won't have to worry about
    forgetting what I changed.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I used Git to keep track of many of the documents I created when working on
    this course!  For example, when working on the concept map for this course,
    I stored that in Git.  Of course, I also used Git for these reflections.
    
    I also use it for my resume.  I like that when I delete older experience to
    make room for newer experience, I don't have to worry about forgetting about
    the details of the previous experience if I ever want to add it again. 

    Of course, I also like to use Git for all of my programming projects.  Since
    Git was designed with programmers in mind, it really shines for a coding
    workflow.

    I also just recently started using Git to track my .bash_profile, as well as
    my .vimrc, which is a configuration file for my text editor.






------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------






How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
// diff -u file1.txt file2.txt
// It made it much easier to view and pick out what changes were made in a document to be able to identify what could have gone wrong. Definite time-saver.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
// Coding can be anywhere from a few lines to thousands of lines of code. If you save frequently and are able to quickly compare versions of the work you've saved, you're easily able to reduce your troubleshooting effort to just the lines of code changed - otherwise you're stuck combing through those thousands of lines trying to remember what was or could have been changed.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
// Pro: The save points make sense and makes it easier to choose what version to review later. It also doesn't keep too many or too little save points. Too many can cause clutter and be difficult to work with on larger projects.
// Con: If your computer crashes or forget to save, you lose your work. You may forget to save at the right points and not save enough to make the versioning meaningful.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
// Git stores projects as repositories and all files within a repository are usually related to one another. When files are related to one another they often (in coding) will cross reference a variable or piece of code that needs to be updated and saved across multiple files at once. Other systems are generally used for separate unrelated instances and the files can usually be treated separately (self-contained) so it mostly makes sense to not save all the files at once.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
// git log can show you the version history of a file. Using this log it will give you a unique ID for each version number and you can use git diff to view the difference between any two versions of a file.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
// You can use git log to find each previous version of your code, and sift through each version using git checkout - this will allow you to run your code and test it at every previous version to see at what version a bug occurs. Then you can use git diff to find what code was changed between the versions. git checkout also lets you restart your code from that version or fix it so you don't have to be worried about breaking anything.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
// Working on live projects and testing out my new GitHub skillz.



Commands:

q |  exit git log
git log |  List the commits and show which files have changed
git log --stat |  Show addition information about the commits
git diff id1 id2 |  Compare two commits (id1 = original, id2 = new)
git clone |  Create a local copy/clone from the repository
git config --global color.ui auto |  Get colored diff output
git checkout  |  Shows a previous version of the file
